=head1 NAME

flexmem - Siemens Mobile Equipment Flex.Mem tool

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<flexmem> [I<OPTION>] [I<COMMANDS>]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<flexmem> is used to access Flex. Memory on Siemens mobile equipment,
i.e. S45 and ME45.

This tool lets you access the B<ObexFTP> library by the means of
a command line interface.
You might consider using the other means available.
E.g. GTK Client B<gObexFtp>, Gnome-VFS-Module B<vfs-obexftp> and soon
KDE VFS.

=head1 OPTIONS

The ordering of options is important. Every command will use the most
recent device set. Every file without command switch will apply to the
command given most recent. See B<EXAMPLES>

=over 8

=item B<-d> I<device>, B<--device> I<device>

Connect to this device.

=item B<-l> I<folder>, B<--list> I<folder>

List a folder.

=item B<-c> I<folder>, B<--chdir> I<folder>

Set the mobiles current working directory.
The folder will be created if it doesn't exist.

=item B<-g> I<source>, B<--get> I<source>

Retrieve files from mobile.

=item B<-p> I<source>, B<--put> I<source>

Send files to the mobile.

=item B<-i>, B<--info>

Retrieve misc infos from mobile. I.e. memory size and free memory.

=item B<-m> I<src> I<dest>, B<--move> I<src> I<dest>

Move (rename) files on the mobile.

=item B<-k> I<source>, B<--kill> I<source>

Delete files from the mobile.

=item B<-h>, B<--help>, B<--usage>

Print short usage instructions.

=back


=head1 SEE ALSO

L<openobex>, L<obexftp>, L<cobexbfb>.

=head1 BUGS

Bugs ? Features !

=head1 NOTES

It's written with S45/ME45 in mind. Tell me if something goes
wrong using different mobiles.

=head1 AUTHOR

Christian W. Zuckschwerdt E<lt>zany@triq.netE<gt>

