=head1 NAME

obexftpd - Mobile Equipment file transfer server

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<obexftpd> [I<OPTIONS>] [I<TRANSPORT>]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

With B<obexftpd> you can set up an obex server on any
computers using B<IrDA>, B<Bluetooth> or B<TCP/IP>.
Use e.g. B<obexftp> or the B<ObexFS> to access the files on this server.

=head1 OPTIONS

The ordering of options is important. The first transport option will
start the server. Use basedir and verbose options prior to any transport.
See B<EXAMPLES>


=head2 Transport Options

=over

=item B<-i>, B<--irda>

Acceopt connections using the IrDA protocol.

=item B<-b>, B<--bluetooth>

Accept connections via bluetooth.

=item B<-t> I<device>, B<--tty> I<device>

Accept connections from this tty device. NOT WORKING!

=item B<-n> I<host>, B<--network> I<host>

Accept connections from the network to this port.

=back


=head2 Setting The File Path

=over

=item B<-c> I<folder>, B<--chdir> I<folder>

Set the base directory for the server.

=back


=head2 Version Information And Help

=over

=item B<-v>, B<--verbose>

Be verbose and give some additional infos.

=item B<-V>, B<--version>

Print version string and exit.

=item B<-h>, B<--help>, B<--usage>

Print short usage instructions.

=back

=head1 EXAMPLES

=over

=item Start listening for bluetooth connections and use a safe basedir:

B<obexftpd -c /tmp/inbox -b>

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<obexftp>(1), L<openobex>(3), L<obexftp>(3), L<multicobex>(3), L<libbfb>(3).

=head1 BUGS

Bugs ? Features !

=head1 NOTES

The software has been tested and reported working on at least Siemens, Ericsson, and Nokia phones.

=head1 AUTHOR

Christian W. Zuckschwerdt E<lt>zany@triq.netE<gt>
Alan Zhang E<lt>vibra@tom.comE<gt>

