=head1 NAME

obexftp - Mobile Equipment file transfer tool

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<obexftp> [I<OPTION>] [I<COMMANDS>]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<obexftp> is used to access files on mobile equipment,
i.e. cell phones.

This tool lets you access the B<ObexFTP> library by the means of
a command line interface.
You might consider using the other means available.
E.g. GTK Client B<gObexFtp>, Gnome-VFS-Module B<vfs-obexftp> and some
others.

=head1 OPTIONS

The ordering of options is important. Every command will use the most
recent device set. Every file without command switch will apply to the
command given most recent. See B<EXAMPLES>

=over 8

=item B<-i>, B<--irda>

Connect using the IrDA protocol.

=item B<-b> I<device>, B<--bluetooth> I<device>

Connect to this bluetooth device.

=item B<-B> I<number>, B<--channel> I<number>

Use this bluetooth channel when connecting.

=item B<-t> I<device>, B<--tty> I<device>

Connect to this tty device.

=item B<-l> I<folder>, B<--list> I<folder>

List a folder.

=item B<-c> I<folder>, B<--chdir> I<folder>

Set the mobiles current working directory.
The folder will be created if it doesn't exist.

=item B<-g> I<source>, B<--get> I<source>

Retrieve files from mobile.

=item B<-p> I<source>, B<--put> I<source>

Send files to the mobile.

=item B<-k> I<source>, B<--kill> I<source>

Delete files from the mobile.

=item B<-x>, B<--info>

Retrieve misc infos from mobile. I.e. memory size and free memory. Siemens specific for now.

=item B<-m> I<src> I<dest>, B<--move> I<src> I<dest>

Move (rename) files on the mobile. Siemens specific for now.

=item B<-v>, B<--verbose>

Be verbose and give some additional infos.

=item B<-h>, B<--help>, B<--usage>

Print short usage instructions.

=back


=head1 SEE ALSO

L<openobex>, L<obexftp>, L<cobex>, L<libbfb>.

=head1 BUGS

Bugs ? Features !

=head1 NOTES

The software is tailored for Siemens mobiles like the S45/ME45. Ericsson phones are tested and supported too. Tell me if something goes / goes wrong
using different mobiles.

=head1 AUTHOR

Christian W. Zuckschwerdt E<lt>zany@triq.netE<gt>

